# Cows & Bulls Game

#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/24l6DpIBtnA
#### Description: This is my very first python project that I have ever created, This program is a cows & bulls game which a user gets to play with the CPU/Computer.

## TODO
This program is written in python and this program uses built-in functions random, and time so you don't have to install additional packages. You just need to import the two built-in functions as shown below.

import random
import time

## How to run the program
Before using this program you would first have to download cows_and_bulls.py file and run it from your local machine. You are welcome to use an IDE of your choosing, it could be Visual Studio Code or pycharm, etc...

I have already imported the build-in functions at the top of the source code, all you have to do is run the program in your local machine.

### How to play
After running the program, it is going to prompt you to type a 4 digit number from 1-9 and has no repeating numbers.
E.g.
Enter Your Four Secret Digits: 
>>> 1234

The computer will also generate the 4 digit number as a secret number that the user must try to guess. Let us assume the secret number generated by the computer was 6782.

The program will prompt the user to guess the secret number
E.g.
Guess The Computer Secret Number:
>>> 3478

You can visit https://youtu.be/24l6DpIBtnA and watch my video demo on youtube where I am explaining how the game works and examples of how my program runs.

## Game Rules
This game is called cows and bulls because of the feedback that is given after each guess, the bulls counts how many digits are guessed correctly in the order they are placed, and cows counts how many digits are guessed correctly in the wrong position from where they are placed.

If the computer generates a number like 2367. and you guess 2763.
>>> Bulls 2, Cows 2

That is because (2,6) are guessed correctly in the correct position hence Bulls = 2, and cows = 2 because they are found in the computer's secret number but not in the correct placement.

Once you guess the number correctly, the program will prompt you if you want to play again? Type y for yes and any other character for no

## Game Over





